README.md, before:

# NcloudWeb

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 15.1.3.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.

Commit message:

add features and keybinds to README

README.md, after:

# NcloudWeb

Cloud storage interface for (ncloud-api)[https://github.com/n3rsti/ncloud-api]

## Setup
### Install dependencies
`sudo npm install`

### Install angular cli
`sudo npm install -g @angular/cli`

## Features
### Basic features
This project has most of the features expected in file storage:
- upload / delete / rename / move files
- create / delete / rename / move directories
- display basic file details: 
    - name
    - date created
    - resolution (for images)
    - size
    - file type
- display file (for now supporting only images)
- recycle bin functionality: deleted files are put in recycle bin with option to either restore or permanently delete it
- search bar: searching for files and directories in real time
- file carousel (for now supporting only images)

*Disclaimer*: app is currently focused on desktop devices. UI is responsive for all devices, but some features might be still incomplete on mobile

### Keybinds
Keybinds for files and directories:
- `delete` / `F4` : move to recycle bin
- `shift` + `delete` / `shift` + `F4` : permanently delete
- `F2` : rename
- `F1` : show details

Other keybinds:
- `/` : open search bar
